# 3d Printing Models

I throw together the occasional small model that doesn't need its own project,
and isn't worth throwing up on any common sharing sites. I can't imagine most of
these are useful to anyone else. 

Most of these were made with Shapr3D, which is nice but I can't justify the
price. Exporting them now that my student/faculty trial is over is why they're
all here now.

## Ball Holder

A thing that holds some stress balls. Mostly an early project to learn about
modelling.

## Crate Foot

I have some [Ikea KNAGGLIG wooden boxes][crate], and the screws on holding it
together drag on whatever surface it's one. These little feet just lift the box
up a bit so it won't scratch things.

[crate]: https://www.ikea.com/ca/en/p/knagglig-box-pine-70292359/

## Death Stranding Lamp Pole Adapter

It lets me mount [Nils Kal's amazing Death Stranding lamp][dslamp] on top of a
pole that held up some metal shelves I got second-hand.

[dslamp]: https://www.prusaprinters.org/prints/40386-desk-stranding-the-death-stranding-desk-lamp

## Dock Desk Clamp

A clamp that hold a [Caldigit Soho dock][dock] and holds it under a desk. I
would not recommend that dock, for whatever that's worth here.

[dock]: https://www.caldigit.com/usb-c-soho-dock/

## Dog boot applicator

I have a tiny dog. This was an attempt to make a tool to make putting little
boots on her easier. It didn't really seem like a good idea once I tried it.

## Door Hook

It's a hook. It goes over a door. I used it to hang towels.

## Flexi Monitor Mount

Slides on top of an [my old monitor] and makes it work with other accessories
here that use the [Flexi mount][flexi] system.

## Hook

An S-shaped hook. You can scale it up to different sizes. I used these to hang
things near by entrance door.

## Monitor Arm Camera Mount

I have a [monitor arm][arm] that has a weird bracket that clips into place to
hold the VESA mount ot the arm. This is a reproduction of that bracket to
connect it to a phone holder that's part of [HeyVye's Modular Mounting
System][system]

[arm]:https://www.fully.com/jarvis-monitor-arm.html
[system]: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2194278

## Monitor Phone Stand

I had an [LG 27UD59P monitor][monitor]. This clip slides over the top so that if
you lay an iPhone X on it, the camera peeks over and is slightly angled down at
you. I used this with <VDO.ninja> in place of a real webcam for a bit.

[monitor]: https://www.lg.com/us/support/product/lg-27UD59P-B.AUS

## Phone Holder

These are little holder for an Apple Watch charger, and a phone holder that fits
an iPhone X. The clip parts bolt on with an M3, IIRC. The hole in the middle of
the phone one is made to fit an [IKEA NORDMÃ„RKE][nordmarke] wireless charger. 

[nordmarke]: https://www.ikea.com/us/en/p/nordmaerke-wireless-charger-white-cork-60478065/

## Prusa Mini Webcam Mount

A remix of a webcam mounting arm for my Prusa Mini to make it work with
[mkoistienen's Flexi-Arm Camera Mount][flexi] and [tevashkevich's adapter for a
Logitech c270]. I can't find the original arm (sorry!) but I wouldn't reccomend
using this anyway since the installation can cause some warping that requires
recalibrating. There are better options these days.

[flexi]: https://www.prusaprinters.org/prints/25205-flexi-arm-camera-mount

## Spool extender

It fits over the thread spindle of an old sewing machine to make it longer,
allowing you to use larger spools of thread.

## License

Anything in here is under [Creative Commons ShareAlike 4.0][cc-by-sa-4.0].

[cc-by-sa-4.0]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode